Add 4.0.0 bump to changelog for some context. NFC (#23359)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

4.0.0 (in development)
----------------------
- Emscripten version was bumped to 4.0.0. Happy new year, happy new major

>   version!  While version has a few interesting changes, there is nothing huge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  version!  While this version has a few interesting changes, there is nothing huge
```

>   that makes different to any other release. (#19053)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that makes it different from any other release. (#19053)
```
